hello today video
really very helpful she
Required to view all who want
lose weight
let's see why because in
I will tell you about how to
distribute proteins and fats and carbohydrates
during the day why is this important yes because
what if you little go them you
really small calorie
diet but proteins fats carbohydrates come
wrong and time then you risk not
only lose weight and then type all these
pounds back but even dial
more than it was, let's figure it out
first place we give the squirrel
he has a building function there
protein is not very important already
repeated and it already said in others
their videos but it is a lack of protein
very often leads to the fact that
weight loss stops
I think most people often
pushing such a problem waiting
you train you practice very very
eat well it seems to them but in the end
weight stops and at this moment us
really very easy because
the mood drops terribly if in this you
know yourself then you definitely need
review your diet
you must remember that squirrels are what
you can eat your every meal
but most importantly in moderation
Of course it is very important proteins this is why
you must begin the chiefs and end
its for example in the morning with complex
carbohydrates in the form of porridge you must eat
there is egg white 1 or 2
at least and just as well the last one that you
eat on ours just as it should be
something protein and generally will not
go into details do so
necessarily carbohydrates and moreover
This most often cereals which here on
garnish for example buckwheat rice and fruit
Of course, all these carbohydrates should
do your body until hours then 4
up to 5 days why everything is very simple
energy in the evening but more often we
amen and active than the whole day
tired from school I’m not working
I do not know every person at night
given a very active evening
accordingly if you have not spent
energy from these carbohydrates then she
will be on your sides got their stomachs
well, or where anyone has trouble spots
so remember this rule and
be sure to stick with it
and a little bit of fat is fat and this energy is like
and carbohydrates so they should
arrive in the morning it's to
An example may be a few snacks.
what are there nuts well period
between for example breakfast and lunch
let's again I sum up to this
not very long but really
useful video but about squirrels fats
carbohydrates how to shoot them the rank of the day
am
these can be proteins fats and carbohydrates then
there it may very well be
porridge egg but you can add to porridge
nuts here you have a full set
and very good useful
lunch it can also be squirrels fats
carbohydrates well I most often fat
I refuse for lunch for example I do not know
some fish there with rice
here for me this is a super lunch for sure
same vegetables is fiber they can
consumed in large quantities in
all day here for dinner and you
must remember that you must have
precisely proteins with Kamchatka are the same
vegetables for example I do not know chicken
breast
lettuce lead lettuce and tomatoes cucumbers not
I know for me it is very tasty and of course
do not forget about the fruit can not name
have dinner because fruit is carbohydrate and
Especially if you do not eat them
proteins here are the general hope and very
easily and simply explained
opened so let's say this topic therefore
if you have stopped weight you do not lose weight
I do not know maybe you have some
problems with making a diet I
I advise you to review my video about
proteins fats carbohydrates where to get what they are
there are about carbohydrates glycemic index
products
In general, I can give you them
review and try again
make yourself a diet and in general the
nutrition for weight loss or
maintaining weight is very simple if
you are confused then stay with me on
my channel or subscribe if you
have not had time to do it and I will try
you understand all this very
which is all for today with you was tanya
if you like what i do
press the button like stay with
me on my channel and we will
aim for a good figure together
good mood until all